arminglibianrebels-tr-2	Fawzi Bukatif, the commander of the Martyr's Brigade, part of the forces battling Gaddafi said the rebels' progress was hampered by a lack of weapons, and a reliance on "old Russian weapons". "The  problem we have is we have run out of weapons", he said. "You know our weapons are traditional ones; the old ones; the Russian weapons. We need ammunition. We need new weapons. We need anti-tanks; we do not have facilities but we have the soldiers left behind by Gaddafi". "If we do have weapons and ammunitions that we need at the moment, we can move strongly and faster".
arminglibianrebels-tr-1	Arming Libyan rebels has a military impact on the rebels' combat abilities and in ousting Gaddafi from power.
arminglibianrebels-tr-3	At the end of the day, it's entirely possible that giving the rebels a boost in arms could, at a minimum, level the playing field with respect to Gaddafi forces.
arminglibianrebels-tr-4	Once Gaddafi realizes that he is up against an endless supply of arms and ammunition, he will surely recalibrate his decisions. There have been reports that he floated the idea of leaving office as long as he is guaranteed safe passage.
arminglibianrebels-tr-5	West should protect Libyan civilians, not arm rebels. NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen says the coalition under his control is clear about its mission. "We are not in Libya to arm people. We are in Libya to protect civilians against attacks".
arminglibianrebels-tr-6	Arms will go to rebels no matter if West provides them. There are strong arguments for providing at least small arms. One reason is that weapons are probably going to pour in anyway, perhaps from Egyptian stockpiles or factories and perhaps paid for by Gulf Arab states (indeed, the Wall Street Journal has reported that this is already happening, though Egypt denies it).
arminglibianrebels-tr-7	Humanitarian mission needn't involve arming Libyan rebels. It might be justifiable to arm the rebels if that were only way to achieve the humanitarian objectives of the intervention. Yet there isn't any evidence that it would be necessary to do so to defend Benghazi as a sanctuary. It seems clear that Benghazi can be defended from the air by NATO, even if that requires enforcing "no-drive" zones occasionally.
arminglibianrebels-tr-8	The rebels don't need arms so much as technical and tactical training in how to use them, the creation of some kind of communications network, and a command structure that might help them become a cohesive fighting force.
arminglibianrebels-tr-9	No controls on how Libyan rebels use West's weapons. Now the Administration's policy may be migrating toward the idea of supplying the rebels with weapons. Yet the rebels have as yet no command and control; they serve a political entity (if that is not too generous a way to describe the councils that have been set up in eastern Libya) that is recognized as legitimate by France alone. There is no way to police the rebels' conduct or to hold them accountable for their actions on the battlefield.
arminglibianrebels-tr-10	The alternative to arming the rebels is almost certainly many thousands executed and thousands more disappeared by Gaddafi's military and secret police though.
childbeautycontests-tr-2	Beauty pageants teach kids to be their very best. The promoters of Australia's first Universal Royalty Beauty Pagean defended the practice saying that it taught the lesson of "striving to be your very best".
childbeautycontests-tr-1	Child beauty contests teach good life lessons.
childbeautycontests-tr-3	Beauty contests can boost a child's self-esteem. The most cited reason parents give for putting their children into beauty pageants is to boost their child’s self-esteem, as well as teach poise, public speaking skills, tact, and confidence.
childbeautycontests-tr-4	Claiming, let alone believing, an arena where very young children are primped like mini-adults and pitted against each other in a bid to decide who's the prettiest is good for confidence or self-esteem, is to dwell in a fool's paradise.
childbeautycontests-tr-5	Beauty pageants foster destructive perfectionism, self-criticism. William Pinsof, a clinical psychologist and president of the Family Institute at Northwestern University: "Being a little Barbie doll says your body has to be a certain way and your hair has to be a certain way. In girls particularly, this can unleash a whole complex of destructive self-experiences that can lead to eating disorders and all kinds of body distortions in terms of body image".
childbeautycontests-tr-6	Child beauty pageants judge whole person. Some of the criteria considered in judging a pageant are writing skills, interviews, personality, looks, confidence and talent, depending on the specific competition.
childbeautycontests-tr-7	Child beauty contests teaches there will always be somebody better. Another child beauty contest mother noted: "I want my child to be aware that there's always going to be somebody better than her. It's a hard thing to learn – it was for me – and I want her to start early".
childbeautycontests-tr-8	Pageants teach that self-worth is in physical beauty only. Melinda Tankard-Reist, one of the founders of Collective Shout: "Competing in these events very young children are taught very early that their only value comes from their appearance and the way they look. This in turn leads to emotional problems, eating disorders and a distorted sense of self worth and self esteem".
childbeautycontests-tr-9	Child beauty contests help teach kids to deal with competition.
childbeautycontests-tr-10	Pageants teach kids to follow rules and play fair. In these cases, child pageants can teach kids to be gracious winners and good losers. They'll learn the aspects of rules and fair play.
childbeautycontests-tr-11	Better alternatives to beauty pageants for building character. Anything good that a pageant does for a child, something else does it better. As a former basketball player and competitive cheerleader (yes, it's a sport), I know that competition, and the wins and losses that went with it, educated me about the real world. But it's exactly because I did those self-esteem building activities that I know there are options for parents who want confident, happy kids.
childbeautycontests-tr-12	Beauty contests teach kids how to strive to move up. You see this a lot among people on the lower-income and education scales. They want their kids to learn skills that are needed to move up the social scale.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-2	China's "one child" policy is key to stabilizing global population growth. With 1.3 billion people, a fifth of the world's population, China must be a major part of the solution to the global population crisis.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-1	China's "one child" policy is the key to control China's population.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-3	China is home to more than one-fifth of the world's population. It thoroughly understands the responsibility it bears in stabilizing world population growth and the essential role it should play. Family planning as an effective solution to China's population problems is more than just responsibility towards the well-being of the Chinese people and future generations; it is a duty owed to maintaining the stability of the world population.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-4	China would have far too many children if not for "one child". China estimates that it has three to four hundred million fewer people today with the one child policy than it would have had otherwise.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-5	Condoms/sex-ed better population control than "one child". Countries that simply improved access to contraceptives, Thailand and Indonesia for instance, did as much to reduce fertility as China, with its draconian policies.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-6	India achieved stabilization without population control. There are ways to achieve population-size sustainability without implementing a "one child" policy. There are alternative means.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-7	Ending China's "one-child" policy would cause a population spike. Today the fertility level in China is around 1.7 children per woman. if China were to relax its one-child policy, then it's reasonable to expect that fertility would rise. If fertility increased to replacement level of 2.1 (an increase of just under a half a child), which is not unreasonable given desired family size, the country's annual number of births would increase by nearly 30 percent, or approximately five million additional births. By midcentury, this would add up to nearly a quarter-billion more Chinese than currently projected by the U.N.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-8	"One child" is only partly responsible for reducing China's fertility rates. The most dramatic decrease in the rate actually occurred before the policy was imposed. Between 1970 and 1979, the largely voluntary "late, long, few" policy, which called for later childbearing, greater spacing between children, and fewer children, had already resulted in a halving of the total fertility rate, from 5.9 to 2.9. After the one-child policy was introduced, there was a more gradual fall in the rate until 1995, and it has more or less stabilized at approximately 1.7 since then.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-9	China one-child forestalls problems associated with overpopulation. The reduction in fertility rate and thus population size reduced the severity of problems that come with overpopulation, like epidemics, slums, overwhelmed social services (health, education, law enforcement, and more), and strain on the ecosystem from abuse of fertile land and production of high volumes of waste. 
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-10	"One child" changed tradition that more children is better. Professor Wang says China's family planning policies since 1978 have helped reduce the fertility rate further and contributed to a change in attitudes. "A lot of people simply don't want that many children. People have accepted the policy," he says.
chinaonechildpolicy-tr-11	Solid population growth in China is a good thing. A rising population is a feature of a healthy society, not the beginning of the end for this sceptered land. Of course an increasing population puts pressure on any number of public facilities and services, from transport to schools to housing to hospitals. But it's also a motor for future economic growth which will provide for all of this.
cocanarcotic-tr-2	In 1992 the World Health Organization's Expert Committee on Drug Dependence (ECDD) undertook a 'prereview' of coca leaf at its 28th meeting. The 28th ECDD report concluded that, "the coca leaf is appropriately scheduled as a narcotic under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, 1961, since cocaine is readily extractable from the leaf." This ease of extraction makes coca and cocaine inextricably linked. Therefore, because cocaine is defined as a narcotic, coca must also be defined in this way.
cocanarcotic-tr-1	Coca can be classified as a narcotic.
cocanarcotic-tr-3	Coca in its natural state is not a narcotic. What is absurd about the 1961 convention is that it considers the coca leaf in its natural, unaltered state to be a narcotic. The paste or the concentrate that is extracted from the coca leaf, commonly known as cocaine, is indeed a narcotic, but the plant itself is not.
cocanarcotic-tr-4	Coca is not cocaine. Coca is distinct from cocaine. Coca is a natural leaf with very mild effects when chewed. Cocaine is a highly processed and concentrated drug using derivatives from coca.
cocanarcotic-tr-5	Coca cannot be disassociated with cocaine. The active ingredient in coca leaf is the same as in cocaine. It's just more concentrated in cocaine. Because the raw material of coca and its more potent relative cocaine are so closely aligned, it is impossible to disassociate the two. If one hopes to consider cocaine a narcotic and stop its spread, they must also forbid coca.
cocanarcotic-tr-6	Component parts of other drugs aren't banned. The raw component parts of other drugs like meth are not banned. These components are a variety of household cleaning compounds. Similarly, it is wrong to ban coca because it can be turned into cocaine.
cocanarcotic-tr-7	Coca has no negative health effects.
cocanarcotic-tr-8	The World Health Organization found in 1995 that the use of coca leaves appears to have no negative health effects and has positive therapeutic, sacred and social functions for indigenous Andean populations.
cocanarcotic-tr-9	Chewing coca offers an energy boost. Coca provides an energy boost for working or for combating fatigue and cold.
cocanarcotic-tr-10	Chewing coca has therapeutic value for various ailments. Chewed or consumed as tea, coca counters altitude sickness, aids digestion and quells hunger and fatigue.
cocanarcotic-tr-11	Coca chewing is bad for human health. The decision to ban coca chewing fifty years ago was based on a 1950 report elaborated by the UN Commission of Inquiry on the Coca Leaf with a mandate from ECOSOC: "We believe that the daily, inveterate use of coca leaves by chewing is thoroughly noxious and therefore detrimental".
cocanarcotic-tr-12	Coca chewing can help relieve hunger, fight obesity. Because coca helps suppress one's appetite, it is also a means of combating overeating and obesity.
cocanarcotic-tr-13	Unlike nicotine or caffeine, coca chewing causes no harm to human health nor addiction or altered state, and it is effective in the struggle against obesity, a major problem in many modern societies.
cocanarcotic-tr-14	Coca is not like caffeine/nicotine due to alternative use. Again, coca is unique from other substances like caffeine or nicotine in its capacity to be diverted to highly potent, dangerous, and damaging use in cocaine, and this would justify its classification as a narcotic.
cocanarcotic-tr-15	Cocaine is most produced where coca is legal. Wherever coca is legally produced, cocaine production thrives with greater success. The correlation is very clear. In Bolivia, coca eradication efforts in the 1980s and 90s helped reduce cocaine production. As Evo Morales took power and legalized coca production and consumption, however, cocaine production has shot up. This is despite his efforts to fight cocaine production. The bottom line is that legalizing coca makes it easier for cocaine producers to operate. This correlation cannot be ignored.
groundzeromosque-tr-5	Intentions of ground zero mosque developers are pure. State Department Spokesman P.J. Crowley said: "We have a long-term relationship with Imam Faisal Abdul Rauf. His work on tolerance and religious diversity is well-known and he brings a moderate perspective to foreign audiences on what it's like to be a practicing Muslim in the United States".
groundzeromosque-tr-1	The intentions of Cordoba House (also referred to as the "Ground Zero Mosque") developers are pure.
groundzeromosque-tr-6	Cordoba House is a Muslim community center first; mosque second. Only the top floor of the mosque will be a prayer space. Most of Ground Zero Mosque will act as a Muslim community center, with a pool and exercise areas and spaces for other community-related activities that have very little to do with prayer. This just dampens the idea that this is somehow a hard core, or even radical, religious institution. It simply is not.
groundzeromosque-tr-8	Name "Cordoba House" indicates nefarious intent of mosque. The true intentions of Rauf are also revealed by the name initially proposed for the Ground Zero mosque— "Cordoba House" — which is named for a city in Spain where a conquering Muslim army replaced a church with a mosque.
groundzeromosque-tr-7	Name "Cordoba House" is a very direct historical indication that the Ground Zero mosque is all about conquest and thus an assertion of Islamist triumphalism.
internetaccess-tr-2	Internet access is essential now; must be a right. The internet is only that wire that delivers freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, and freedom of the press in a single connection.
internetaccess-tr-1	Internet access is fundamental in modernity.
internetaccess-tr-3	Just because something is a huge part in many people's lives, does it mean that those things should be regarded as rights? Cell phones for example. Should they become a right. If the internet is a right, then cell phones should be rights because they are more common. Other examples, like cars, or even drugs. Drugs and cars are a huge part of people lives. Just because they're widespread and is used extensively, doesn't mean that they should be rights.
internetaccess-tr-4	Internet not as important as real rights. We may think of such trivial things as a fundamental right, but consider the truly impoverished and what is most important to them. The right to vote, the right to liberty and freedom from slavery or the right to elementary education. Perhaps it's time for a reality check, and to re-examine which of our 'rights' are truly important.
internetaccess-tr-5	Internet access is essential to other human rights United Nations' Universal Declaration of Human Rights includes the right to education and the right to work, which may hinge on Internet access. And, indeed, The European Parliament has ruled that it sees internet access as 'critical for the practical exercise of a wide array of fundamental rights.
internetaccess-tr-6	I've seen the growing awareness within the developing world that computers and connectivity matter and can be useful. It's not that computers matter more than water, food, shelter and healthcare, but that the network and PCs can be used to ensure that those other things are available. Satellite imagery sent to a local computer can help villages find fresh water, mobile phones can tell farmers the prices at market so they know when to harvest. The same arguments apply in the UK, but those of us who have easy, affordable and fast connectivity tend not to think of the plight of those who can't get online, just as we so often fail to notice the homeless people in our towns or let our eyes glide over deprived housing estates as we sit on the train.
internetaccess-tr-7	Internet access is not really essential. It is much easier than people think to live without the Internet. People were able to lead happy succesful lives in the past without the Internet, and they are able to do so now as well. While there are certainly luxuries surrounding the use of the Internet, it is excessive to deem it as essential to human life and happiness. It is excessive there to deem it as a fundamental human right on these grounds.
internetaccess-tr-8	Internet access is no right, but means of entertainment. The Internet functions mostly as a means of entertainment, enabling individuals to acquire information and to engage in other activities. No form of entertainment should be made a "right".
internetaccess-tr-9	In the U.S., if we are serious about equality of opportunity, access to the Internet could be strongly defended as a human right.
internetaccess-tr-10	Some take for granted the idea that the Internet is good for humanity. Many people argue that it has had many negative impacts. The primary use of social networking sites is "meforming", or frequent updates about the minutia of people's lives that one research group duly categorized as "pointless babble". And if the internet's most common asset is keeping us posted on what old high school classmates are having for brunch, then its risks may be more important.
internetaccess-tr-11	The internet is a right. It's in their enlightened self-interest. And I will suggest that the WEF Global Agenda Council should catalogue, quantify, and demonstrate that self-interest in terms of the benefit the internet brings a nation in: 1. business – jobs created, efficiencies found, innovation sparked, entrepreneurism supported; 2. education – every human able to search all our digital knowledge, distributed university curricula, the growth of the aggregated education, the pull toward literacy; 3. politics – the ability of citizens to coalesce and act, the increase in involvement in politics, the greater transparency enabled (which some politicians will not think is in their self-interest – but that is precisely why we will want this creed to separate democrats from dictators and the corrupt); 4. government – we have only begun to use connectivity to improve governance in its relationships with constituents and in efficiencies; 4. society – I argue in my book that staying connected may change the nature of relationships for the good – one-to-one and nation-to-nation.
internetaccess-tr-13	Internet access in a time of democratized online publishing may be understood as a contemporary form of the right to self-expression.
osamaphoto-tr-2	Releasing Bin Laden photos would inflame Muslim world White House Spokesman Jay Carney: "There are sensitivities here in terms of the appropriateness of releasing photographs in the aftermath of this firefight. It is fair to say they're gruesome photographs. It is certainly possible that it could be inflammatory".
osamaphoto-tr-1	Release of Osama bin Laden death photos incite Muslim reaction, terrorism.
osamaphoto-tr-3	Photos won't upset extremists more than Laden's death. Wojtek Wolfe, a Rutgers-Camden professor: "I don’t know if it’s really going to make the situation any worse. It will upset some people - but those people are already upset".
osamaphoto-tr-4	US shouldn't kowtow to sensitivities of extremists. Obama and Rogers' idea that news should be calibrated by the government to ease the job of the U.S. military makes for a First Amendment loophole you could drive a motorized regiment through. If al-Qaida and its supporters are more irate with the United States this week than they were last week, it's because U.S. commandos killed Bin Laden. Obama should never have marked him for death if tending the 'sensitivities' of al-Qaida and its allies was U.S. policy.
osamaphoto-tr-5	Death photos destroy myth of Bin Laden's invulnerability.
osamaphoto-tr-6	Death photos reveal Bin Laden as monster he was. The reason to display the photos is to show bin Laden for what he really was: not a holy warrior, not a holy anything, but a deluded mass murderer who met the end he so richly deserved.
osamaphoto-tr-7	Releasing Bin Laden photos is a national security risk.
osamaphoto-tr-8	Osama photos likely to provoke violence at US embassies. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates vocally worried that the images would provoke anti-American violence at embassies, consulates, and military bases overseas.
osamaphoto-tr-9	National security secrets not at risk in releasing Bin Laden photos. If national-security secrets were revealed in the photos, the equation would be different. But that's not the case with a single image of the terrorist leader's dead body.
osamaphoto-tr-10	Bin Laden death photos send warning to US enemies.
osamaphoto-tr-11	Releasing the photos could deter would-be jihadists, who would have to think a little harder when they see the bloodied bodies of Osama's men killed in the firefight in his hideaway, photos obtained by Reuters from a Pakistani security officer and rightly released on Wednesday.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-2	If Social Security were privatized, people would deposit their income with a bank. People actually save resources that businesses can invest. We, as true savers, get more resources in the future.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-1	Privatizing social security improves economic growth.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-3	Creating private accounts could dampen economic growth, which would further weaken social security's future finances. Privatizing Social Security will increase federal deficits and debt significantly while increasing the likelihood that national savings will decline.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-4	Social Security drains capital from the poorest areas of the country, leaving less money available for new investment and job creation. Privatization would increase national savings and provide a new pool of capital for investment that would be particularly beneficial to the poor.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-5	Privatization would not increase capital for investment. The problem is that for every dollar put into the market through a private account, the government would have to borrow a dollar in the market to cover existing payouts. Thus the supposed benefit is entirely eliminated, as the net impact on the capital available for investment is zero.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-6	Private accounts prevent politicians taking from social security.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-7	While Americans in retirement or approaching retirement would stay in the current system, younger workers should have the option to invest a portion of their money in financial assets other than U.S. Treasuries. These accounts would be the ultimate "lock box" - they would prevent politicians in Washington from raiding the Trust Fund. The truth is that taxpayers bailout politicians every year thanks to Social Security. Congress and the White House spend more money than they have so they steal money from Social Security to help pay for it. That needs to stop and there is no responsible way of doing that except with personal accounts.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-8	Privatization during economic crisis would have been disaster. Privatization in the midst of the greatest economic downturn since the Great Depression would have caused households to have lost even more of their assets, had their investments been invested in the U.S. stock market.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-9	Privatizing social security would wrongly enrich banks. Privatization would represent a windfall for Wall Street financial institutions, who would obtain significant fees for managing private accounts.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-10	Diverting up to four percentage points of the payroll tax to create private accounts as the president has proposed would shorten significantly the time until the Trust Funds become depleted.
privatizingsocialsecurity-tr-11	The program is "pay as you go", meaning current payroll taxes pay for current retirees. Diverting to four percentage points of payroll taxes (or other sources of government funds) to fund private accounts would drive enormous deficits and borrowing ("transition costs"). 
sobrietytest-tr-2	Random breath tests help deter drunk driving. A 1995 review by the European Transport Safety Council concluded, "There is wide agreement in the international scientific literature that increasing driver's perception of the risk of being detected for excess alcohol is a very important element in any package of measures to reduce alcohol related crashes".
sobrietytest-tr-1	Random sobriety tests for drivers are effective at deterring drunk driving.
sobrietytest-tr-3	Random breath testing doesn't necessarily lower drunk driving. Many countries have had random testing for some time and have seen no real fall in drink driving figures.
sobrietytest-tr-4	Little evidence random alcohol tests deter drunk driving. There is a dearth of research regarding the deterrent effect of checkpoints. The only formally documented research regarding deterrence is a survey of Maryland's "Checkpoint Strikeforce" program. The survey found no deterrent effect: "To date, there is no evidence to indicate that this campaign, which involves a number of sobriety checkpoints and media activities to promote these efforts, has had any impact on public perceptions, driver behaviors, or alcohol-related motor vehicle crashes and injuries. This conclusion is drawn after examining statistics for alcohol-related crashes, police citations for impaired driving, and public perceptions of alcohol-impaired driving risk".
sobrietytest-tr-5	Random alcohol breath tests reduce accidents, save lives. The Centers for Disease Control, in a 2002 Traffic Injury Prevention report, found that in general, the number of alcohol related crashes was reduced by 20% in states that implement sobriety checkpoints compared to those that do not.
sobrietytest-tr-6	Repeat drunk drivers unlikely to respond to random breath testing deterrence. "One statistic the MAD bunch doesn't like to mention is the fact that half of the people killed by drunk drivers have at least double the legal blood alcohol limit. They don't like it because it implies that, on a sliding scale, drivers who are barely over the legal limit are probably not that bad. It suggests that problems associated with drunk driving are overwhelmingly caused by a small cadre of hard-core problem drinkers who are sloshed behind the wheel. Unfortunately, these are also the people who are the least responsive to legal incentives, so MAD - and the law - targets ordinary people who have a glass or two of sherry instead".
sobrietytest-tr-7	Random alcohol tests are more effective than alternative measures. The federal Justice Department of Canada moved to implement Random Breath Testing (RBT), concluding: "a system of random checks is more effective than a combination of other measures such as a lower threshold for blood alcohol level and more frequent RIDE checkpoints".
sobrietytest-tr-8	The majority of people caught drink driving have not been from random breath tests. They have been from tip-offs, police chases and police pulling over suspects, not random breath testing.
violentgames-tr-2	Violent video games do not increase aggression.
violentgames-tr-1	Violent games make youth more agressive/violent.
violentgames-tr-3	A 2005 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign study found: "Violent video games players were not statistically different from the non-playing control group in their beliefs on aggression after playing the game than they were before playing." He added: "Nor was game play a predictor of aggressive behaviors. Compared with the control group, the players neither increased their argumentative behaviors after game play nor were significantly more likely to argue with their friends and partners.
violentgames-tr-4	Some youth have tried to emulate violence in games.
violentgames-tr-5	"A few years ago, on Long Island, six teenagers were arrested after a crime spree involving breakins, a violent mugging and a carjacking attempt. According to what the teens told authorities, they had been trying to live out the life of Niko Belic. Ever heard of him? He is the protagonist in the wildly popular video game 'Grand Theft Auto IV.' What the teens did represents one of the worst-case scenarios imagined by those who advocate for government to limit the sale of violent video games to minors.
violentgames-tr-6	Youth playing violent games exhibit more aggression.
violentgames-tr-7	In experimental studies, children who view violent television shows or films — or who play violent video games — are significantly more likely to behave aggressively in comparison to children who view nonviolent television shows or films, or who play nonviolent video games. In long-term studies, individuals who consume violent media during childhood end up more aggressive as adults, in comparison with peers who consume nonviolent media during childhood.
violentgames-tr-8	People know video game violence is fake.
violentgames-tr-9	Young people know it: as one 13-year-old said during a study I conducted at Harvard, "With video games, you know it's fake."
violentgames-tr-16	F.B.I. data shows that youth violence continues to decline. It is now at its lowest rate in years. Violent video games, therefore, can hardly be seen as a major problem since they've been around for years.
violentgames-tr-10	TV violence is more harmful than violent video games. The New York Times. June 27, 2011: "there is much better evidence to support psychological harm from exposure to violence on TV news."
violentgames-tr-11	Games help develop youths' minds, skills, confidence. Such games (in moderation) may actually have some positive effects on developing minds.
violentgames-tr-12	Violent video games are real danger to young minds.
violentgames-tr-13	Research studies have yielded the conclusion that the effect of violent media consumption on aggressive behavior is in the same ballpark statistically as the effect of smoking on lung cancer, the effect of lead exposure on children's intellectual development and the effect of asbestos on laryngeal cancer.
violentgames-tr-14	Psychological studies purporting to show a connection between exposure to violent video games and harmful effects on children do not prove that such exposure causes minors to act aggressively. Any demon-strated effects are both small and indistinguishable from effects pro-duced by other media.
violentgames-tr-15	Justice Breyer: "Unlike the majority. I would find sufficient grounds in these studies and expert opinions for this court to defer to an elected legislature's conclusion that violent video games are particularly likely to harm children."
cellphones-te-2	Citizens' judgement should be trusted in using cell phones. For example, it is responsible to use a cell phone while the car is at a standstill in gridlocked traffic, while waiting at traffic lights, or on a quiet road with good visibility ahead. The driver should be taught to use cell phones on the road with discretion, rather than rigidly banning their use all together.
cellphones-te-1	The use of cell-phones while driving is a public hazard.
cellphones-te-3	Physically holding a handset removes one hand from the controls, making accidents more likely, while dialling is even worse, as it also requires the user to divert their attention away from the road.
cellphones-te-4	Research shows that drivers speaking on a mobile phone have much slower reactions in braking tests than non-users, and are worse even than if they have been drinking.
cellphones-te-5	In Britain, a study a few years ago, using a driving simulator, found that motorists using hand-held phones took 30 per cent longer to react to hazards than motorists driving under the influence of alcohol and 50 per cent longer than drivers not under the influence.
cellphones-te-6	Even more dangerous than talking on the phone while driving is fumbling in a pocket or handbag for a ringing phone while travelling at 100kmh on the motorway.
cellphones-te-7	A recent National Highway Traffic Safety Administration survey reports that 44 percent of drivers have a cell phone with them while driving, a number that will only increase with the proliferation of phone ownership. We calculated that car accidents associated with phone use account for about 300 deaths per year. While small in comparison to the 41,000 annual deaths from car accidents, these deaths raise the question whether cell phone use while driving is justifiable. We think a ban is unwise at this time because vehicular cell phone use provides substantial personal and societal benefits, but does not contribute to a large number of serious accidents.
cellphones-te-8	Driving while using cellphones reduces safety margins. Those who assert they know the difference between safe and unsafe use of phones should ask themselves if they are equally confident that the testosterone-loaded 18-year-old rushing from football practice to meet his girlfriend will show the same good judgment when his phone beeps as he approaches in the opposite direction.
cellphones-te-9	Regulation could negate the safety benefits of having a phone in the car. When you're stuck in traffic, calling to say you'll be late can reduce stress and make you less inclined to drive aggressively to make up lost time.
cellphones-te-10	If one is late, there is little difference in apologizing while in their car over a cell phone and apologizing in front of their boss at the office. So, they should have the restraint to drive at the speed limit, arriving late, and being willing to apologize then; an apologetic cell phone call in a car to a boss shouldn't be the cause of one being able to then relax, slow-down, and drive the speed-limit.
cellphones-te-11	Using mobiles on the road could improve safety, for example, by allowing delayed employees to ring in to the office rather than drive recklessly in an effort to arrive more promptly. Drivers now often use mobile phones to report accidents to the emergency services, and alert the police to dangerous driving, stray animals, unsafe loads, etc.
gasvehicles-te-2	As the nation looks for ways to reduce air pollution from vehicles, natural gas is the ideal environmental alternative to gasoline. For starters, natural gas is clean. (It's the same clean-burning natural gas that you use to cook or heat your home). Vehicles fueled with natural gas can dramatically reduce emissions of carbon monoxide and reactive hydrocarbons-which interact with sunlight to produce ozone, the principal component of smog. Natural Gas Vehicles also reduce emissions of carbon dioxide, the principal "greenhouse" gas.
gasvehicles-te-1	Natural gas vehicles help cut emissions and fight global warming.
gasvehicles-te-3	Compared with their petroleum-powered counterparts, natural gas vehicles greatly reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The exhaust created from natural gas contains 70 percent less carbon monoxide, nearly 90 percent less nitrogen oxide and non-methane organic gas, and virtually no particulate matter.
gasvehicles-te-4	Natural gas hardly reduces emissions compared to petroleum. When natural gas replaces gasoline, greenhouse gases are reduced by just 20 to 30%. When natural gas is used instead of diesel in trucks, greenhouse gases are reduced just 10 to 20%. If diesel is almost comparable, then it makes more sense to fund that as a stop gap as that infrastructure is already in place.
gasvehicles-te-5	Natural gas is much cleaner-burning than gasoline. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, natural gas can reduce carbon-monoxide emissions by 90 to 97 percent and nitrogen-oxide emissions by 35 to 60 percent when compared with gasoline. Natural gas can also potentially reduce non-methane hydrocarbon emissions by 50 to 75 percent, while producing fewer carcinogenic pollutants and little or no particulate matter.
gasvehicles-te-6	On the surface, natural gas cars seem alright, but the topic becomes a bit different when these cars are competing against "zero emission" alternatives such as electric cars that are powered utilizing a solar grid.
gasvehicles-te-7	Natural gas vehicles run on natural gas, a fossil fuel, so emit significant amounts of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, albeit smaller amounts than gasoline-fueled cars (roughly 30% less). If our goal is to aggressively fight global warming, does it make sense to invest in slightly cleaner technologies, or fully 0-emission ones? If we are serious about combating global warming, we should be focusing our energies and investments solely on 0-emission electric vehicles.
gasvehicles-te-8	Natural gas is the cleanest transportation fuel available today. The important conclusion is that, if we want to immediately begin the process of significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions, natural gas can help now. Other alternatives cannot be pursued as quickly.
gasvehicles-te-9	Gasoline vehicles can be converted to run on natural gas. This means that heavy-polluting vehicles can be transformed into much lower-emission vehicles. This is key, as the millions of gasoline vehicles on the road currently cannot be immediately removed from the road.
gasvehicles-te-10	Gasoline/petrol vehicles converted to run on natural gas suffer because of the low compression ratio of their engines, resulting in a cropping of delivered power while running on natural gas (10%-15%). This inefficiency is costly economically and in terms of global warming.
gasvehicles-te-11	Natural gas will simply relieve demand pressures on coal and petroleum and, subsequently, decrease prices. This will only make it easier for people to buy and consume oil and coal. Natural gas will not, therefore, replace coal and petroleum. It will only add to the absolute amount of fossil fuels we are burning, and greenhouse gases we are emitting.
gasvehicles-te-12	Methane is a much worse greenhouse gas than C02. Methane is very prominent within "natural gas". This is of concern because the drilling and transportation of natural gas will inevitably lead to leaks and large-scale "spills" that will release this highly harmful gas into the atmosphere and contribute substantially to global warming. These risks should not be taken.
gaymarriage-te-2	Legalizing same-sex marriage would also be a recognition of basic American principles, and would represent the culmination of our nation's commitment to equal rights. It is, some have said, the last major civil-rights milestone yet to be surpassed in our two-century struggle to attain the goals we set for this nation at its formation.
gaymarriage-te-1	Gay marriage is a civil right.
gaymarriage-te-3	The case for allowing gays to marry begins with equality, pure and simple. Why should one set of loving, consenting adults be denied a right that other such adults have and which, if exercised, will do no damage to anyone else?
gaymarriage-te-4	State recognition of marriage is not a universal right. States regulate marriage in many ways besides denying men the right to marry men, and women the right to marry women. Roughly half of all states prohibit first cousins from marrying, and all prohibit marriage of closer blood relatives, even if the individuals being married are sterile. In all states, it is illegal to attempt to marry more than one person, or even to pass off more than one person as one's spouse. Some states restrict the marriage of people suffering from syphilis or other venereal diseases. Homosexuals, therefore, are not the only people to be denied the right to marry the person of their choosing.
gaymarriage-te-5	The primary intent in restricting marriage to opposite sex couples is to maintain marriage as the institution that fulfils society's need to protect the inherently procreative relationship and its functions for society, and is not to exclude homosexual relationships because they are homosexual. The discrimination involved in the exclusion is a secondary effect which is not desired but unavoidable, and it is justified or excused by the primary purpose which otherwise cannot be realized.
gaymarriage-te-6	When we refuse to accord the status of civil right to gays and lesbians marriage, we discourage them from forming the same relationships we encourage for others. And we are also telling them, those who love them, and society as a whole that their relationships are less worthy, less legitimate, less permanent, and less valued. We demean their relationships and we demean them as individuals. I cannot imagine how we benefit as a society by doing so.
gaymarriage-te-7	When gay people say that this is a civil rights issue, we are referring to matters like the fact that we cannot make medical decisions for our partners in an emergency. Instead, the hospitals are usually forced by state laws to go to the families who may be estranged from us for decades, who are often hostile to us, and totally ignore our wishes for the treatment of our partners. These aren't just theoretical issues, either; they happen with surprising frequency.
groundzeromosque-te-2	Cordoba House is a place of tolerance and integration. Cordoba House is not being built by al-Qaeda. To the contrary, it is the brainchild of Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf, a well-meaning American cleric who has spent years trying to promote interfaith understanding, not an apostle of religious war like Osama bin Laden. The Ground Zero site was selected in part precisely so that it might heal some of the wounds opened by the felling of the twin towers and all that followed.
groundzeromosque-te-1	The intentions of Cordoba House (also referred to as the "Ground Zero Mosque") developers are pure.
groundzeromosque-te-3	Cordoba House is no act of tolerance, but of excess/arrogance. Building this structure on the edge of the battlefield created by radical Islamists is not a celebration of religious pluralism and mutual tolerance; it is a political statement of shocking arrogance and hypocrisy.
groundzeromosque-te-4	Victims' families view the imam's expressed plan to "leverage" the mosque's proximity to Ground Zero to engage in proselytizing and to "grow the Muslim community", as shockingly insensitive to the history of the site where their loved ones were slaughtered in the worst terrorist attack by extremist Muslims in America's history.
groundzeromosque-te-7	Name "Cordoba House" is a very direct historical indication that the Ground Zero mosque is all about conquest and thus an assertion of Islamist triumphalism.
groundzeromosque-te-9	Name "Cordoba House" is about past period of tolerance. Imam Feisal says he chose "Cordoba" in recollection of a time when the rest of Europe had sunk into the Dark Ages but Muslims, Jews and Christians created an oasis of art, culture and science. Mr Gingrich sees only a "deliberate insult", a reminder of a period when Muslim conquerors ruled Spain. Like Mr bin Laden, Mr Gingrich is apparently still relitigating the victories and defeats of religious wars fought in Europe and the Middle East centuries ago.
internetaccess-te-12	The right to speak springs from the innate sense of owning one's self rather than being a property of the state, which means that each individual has the right to their own thoughts and to express them. That right doesn't extend to publication, however, which is where Toure’s argument runs off the rails. If one wants to get published, then either one has to own the means to publication or pay someone else for the service. After all, no one has the right to confiscate someone else's printing press in order to get published.
internetaccess-te-2	Internet access is essential now; must be a right. The internet is only that wire that delivers freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, and freedom of the press in a single connection.
marijuanafree-te-2	Individuals should be free to use marijuana. If an individual wants to harm themselves, they should be free to do so.
marijuanafree-te-1	Individuals should be at liberty to use marijuana.
marijuanafree-te-3	Even if marijuana's effects were isolated to the individual, there is room for the state to protect individuals from harming themselves. This is why it is illegal, in some places, not wear a seat belt. If marijuana's effects are seen as clearly harmful, the state can justly protect its citizens from it.
marijuanafree-te-4	People should be at liberty to treat their bodies how they want to. Indeed, people are allowed to eat and drink to their detriment and even death, so why shouldn't they be able to harm themselves with marijuana use? This is, of course, assuming that their use does not harm anyone else. This means, as with substances such as alcohol or cigarrettes, that regulations be put in place to ensure that one individual's consumption of marijuana does not violate the liberties of another citizen. If this is achievable with alcohol and cigarettes, it seems achievable with marijuana.
marijuanafree-te-5	Marijuana induces different experiences in different individuals; some of these experiences are great, some are terrible and harmful. Individuals should be free to choose to use marijuana or not, depending on their relative experience.
marijuanafree-te-6	If marijuana is harmful, shouldn't individuals be at liberty to experience the punishment of a poor choice, and shouldn't this mean that marijuana use entails its own punishments that requires no imposed government punishment.
marijuanafree-te-7	Although cannabis does indeed have some harmful effects, it is no more harmful than legal substances like alcohol and tobacco. As a matter of fact, research by the British Medical Association shows that nicotine is far more addictive than cannabis. Furthermore, the consumption of alcohol and the smoking of cigarettes cause more deaths per year than does the use of cannabis. The legalization of cannabis will remove an anomaly in the law whereby substances that are more dangerous than cannabis are legal whilst the possession and use of cannabis remains unlawful. 
marijuanafree-te-8	Various risks to other citizens are greatly enhanced by marijuana use.
marijuanafree-te-9	Legalization of marijuana would make roads more dangerous.
marijuanafree-te-10	Some train and plane tragedies were connected with marijuana use.
marijuanafree-te-11	Legalization of marijuana would increase work-place accidents.
marijuanafree-te-12	There are currently no widely-accepted and easily-administered tests available to detect whether someone's judgement or ability to function has been compromised by marijuana use. For those who drink and drive, we have the breathalyser. But there is no way for us to know whether the driver next to you on the road or the pilot flying a plane or someone operating heavy machinery is under the influence of marijuana. There is no way for us to know whether they pose a danger to lives of others.
marijuanafree-te-13	Instances of brutal violence and murder have been cited as caused, to some extent, by marijuana use and impaired judgement.
marijuanafree-te-14	First, decriminalizing marijuana possession will enable users to spend more time being high. When people can walk the streets with it in their pockets without fear of arrest, they will have it more often and use it more often. It is hardly an encouraging prospect to think that marijuana users will be high more often. Such a disastrous outcome will put even more pressure on our families, communities, businesses, health services, and law enforcement officials.
marijuanafree-te-15	Marijuana's public health costs violate tax-payer liberties.
marijuanafree-te-16	Marijuana may indeed have indirect social costs, such as increased healthcare costs, increased risks on the road, and others. But, illegalizing marijuana on this basis risks being seen as arbitrary discrimination against marijuana. Wouldn't you also have to illegalize alcohol, tobacco, and fast food on a similar basis. Certainly, the social costs and risks of these substances can be argued as equivalent to the risks of marijuana consumption. Illegalizing marijuana on the basis of its social costs, therefore, opens the law to accusations of being arbitrary, discriminatory, and of double standards.
marijuanafree-te-17	The problem with illegalizing marijuana is that it lumps the most moderate of uses of marijuana in with the worst of abuses. Just like with alcohol, there are scales of use that fall within responsible to irresponsible to abusive categories. The responsible use of marijuana might involve the recreational use of the drug a couple of times a year and in very small doses, such as, a single toke. Does it make sense for such innocuous levels of consumption to be illegal? No. And, yet, in states where marijuana is illegal, such levels of consumption are illegal. Instead of this system, marijuana should be legally regulated like alcohol on the basis of abuse in circumstances where it has the potential to threaten other citizens, such as before driving or operating machinery.
militaryservice-te-2	Service helps connect and check military with civilians. A necessary means to ensure the defence forces maintain a close relationship to civil society in order to prevent a repeat of the way in which the Nazi party was able to manipulate professional soldiers in the 1930s.
militaryservice-te-1	National conscription is important to national security.
militaryservice-te-3	Conscripts are never as good as professional soldiers.
militaryservice-te-4	Conscripts will not last as long nor be as combat reliable in the battlefield as compared to a real soldier who is trained to do both. These 'conscripts' (candidates) are only given the basic training of how to wield a gun and aim, but that short-lived training will never prepare them to readily pull the trigger to end someone's life, therefore lowering their combat-efficiency because of the uncertainties they pose as soldiers.
militaryservice-te-5	Compulsory service brings in unqualified and unfit. There are too many unqualified people and, in addition, quite a lot of them suffer from psychological problems.
militaryservice-te-6	The presidents children are in the military; congresses children are in the military. How fast would they be to go to war with the knowledge that their children would be deployed? Not as fast as they were willing to in the past. The government would defiantly become more willing to look at other options before leaping headfirst into a major conflict.
militaryservice-te-7	Mandatory service is a very cost-efficient defence solution. Many European countries who have abandoned military service have had lots of problems recruiting.
militaryservice-te-8	Because organized compulsion costs more than real volunteering, the indirect expenses for governments would be still greater. Chief among these are the hidden financial costs of universal national service to the economy in the form of forgone labor.
militaryservice-te-9	Unnecessary to train whole nation to prepare for threats. Suhail Al-Enizi, aged 28, argued in 2010 that military service in Kuwait should not be mandatory: "I am certain that we have enough soldiers in the army. We don't need to train the entire nation in order to be ready for threats; we are not in a police state. This is a democracy."
militaryservice-te-10	No justification for mandatory service where no threat exists.
militaryservice-te-11	Conscription during peacetime would mean that the country was prepared for emergencies when they happened, rather than having to prepare after the fact.
militaryservice-te-12	Swedish brigadier general Bengt Axelsson responded to the phasing out of Sweden's military in 2009: "I want to raise a warning finger. It's not going to be possible to achieve the volume of soldiers people are now counting on having by relying on volunteers".
militaryservice-te-13	Extensively training individuals that will subsequently only spend a couple of years in their respective roles is simply inefficient. It usually takes many years to secure a good return on investment from such training expenditures. Short-term compulsory service is, therefore, an inefficient use of resources.
noflyzone-te-2	No-fly zone would significantly benefit Libyan rebels. General McPeak said to New York Times: "I think it would have a real impact. It might change their calculation of who might come out on top. Just the mere announcement of this might have an impact".
noflyzone-te-1	A no-fly zone over Libya has a significant impact on conflict.
noflyzone-te-3	Libyan rebels can succeed without no-fly zone. The excessive violence against protesters by Muammar Gaddafi's forces, including the use of air power against civilians, has triggered the rebellion of much of the country and the defection of many military officers to the side of the rebels. Libyan rebels now control the majority of the country, Gaddafi has limited control outside of the capital and his tribal stronghold of Sirt, and most of the military has not committed itself to Gaddafi's defense. Given time, the rebels seem poised to overthrow Gaddafi without outside help.
noflyzone-te-4	No-fly zone undermines main Libyan regime advantage: airpower.
noflyzone-te-5	No fly zones have a history of limited effectiveness.
noflyzone-te-6	Iraq and Kosovo no-fly zones weren't really successes. We should remember that the no-fly zones in Iraq devolved into a decade-long air war that paved the way for the later invasion of Iraq, and the Kosovo intervention brought an end to Serbian control of the province only to deliver it into the hands of a criminal gang in the Kosovo Liberation Army.
noflyzone-te-7	No fly zone in Libya prevents a massacre.
noflyzone-te-8	If Gadhaffi wins then there will be a massacre. Even if he loses there is likely to be a massacre. It's quite clear to me that were Tripoli to be surrounded Gadhaffi would not meekly surrender. He would go down while aiming to kill as many of his opponents as possible. His aerial forces are the key to his capability to do this. So, while neutralising them is not a guarantee against such a terrible occurrence, it does diminish its possibility".
noflyzone-te-9	No-fly zone wouldn't prevent most atrocities. Leslie Gelb in the The Daily Beast said: "...U.S. jets high up in the sky still wouldn't be able, in most cases, to spot Libyan helicopter attacks at much lower altitudes and destroy them. Since these helicopters are doing the most damage now, what would the interventionists advocate at that point?"
noflyzone-te-10	Along with a no-fly zone, another important step would be to use American military aircraft to jam Libyan state television and radio propaganda and Libyan military communications. General McPeak said such jamming would be dead easy.
noflyzone-te-11	A no-fly zone would taint not just the Libyan rebels, but the whole Arab pro-democracy movement, as western stooges, sapping the uprising of its home-grown vitality. The Arab League vote in favour represented the region's elites. The "Arab street" would be far more hostile to western intervention, especially if civilians were harmed. Al-Qaida could exploit the consequent turmoil to present itself as the defender of Arab sovereignty and pride.
securityprofiling-te-2	Terrorists are most often Muslims; worth profiling them at the airport. We have to talk about the taboo topic of profiling because terrorism experts are increasingly recognizing that religious ideology makes terrorist organizations and terrorists more likely to commit heinous crimes against civilians, such as blowing an airliner out of the sky. Certainly, it's not an easy or comfortable conversation but it's one, I believe, we must have.
securityprofiling-te-1	Airport security profiling is an effective strategy.
securityprofiling-te-3	One solution is to use information about passengers (voluntarily provided and readily assessable) to eliminate those who have negligible risk factors, which should be the case for 60 to 70 percent of passengers. Then apply state-of-the art technologies for the remaining pool of passengers, for which less information is known, and subject them to the highest level of security screening, and in some cases, not allow them to fly. We can call this behavioral profiling, information profiling, or whatever we wish. However, until we use security resources appropriately, we will never achieve a secure air system.
securityprofiling-te-4	Racial airport security profiling is also unworkable. Once aware of national profiling, terrorists will simply use people from "non-profiled" countries or origins, like FBI most-wanted Qaeda suspect Adam Gadahn, an American.
securityprofiling-te-5	Terrorists can easily beat profiling systems and, even worse, profiling creates two paths through security: one with less scrutiny and one with more. And once you do that, you invite the terrorists to take the path with less scrutiny. That is, a terrorist group can safely probe any profiling system and figure out how to beat the profile. And once they do, they're going to get through airport security with the minimum level of screening every time.
securityprofiling-te-6	Profiling will use such information as nervousness at airport. We're not talking only about profiling Muslims. We need to take a lesson from the Israelis. When you go through security checkpoints in Tel Aviv airport, you have very highly trained screeners. Someone who is about to carry on a terrorist attack acts nervous, acts suspicious under such scrutiny." 
securityprofiling-te-7	We have seen that certain types of people who fit a certain profile – young men of a particular ethnic background – have been engaged in terror activities, and targeting this sort of passenger would give people a greater sense of security. Profiling has to be backed by this type of statistical and intelligence-based evidence. There would be no point in stopping Muslim grandmothers.
securityprofiling-te-8	It's not true that all terrorists are Muslims. Any such measure would not only alienate people, it would also be ineffective in terms of stopping terrorists. What's to stop them dressing up as orthodox Jews in order to evade profiling-based searches?
securityprofiling-te-9	Many terrorism suspects came from within the United States and European Union countries. Airport profiling does not help against individuals with names and ethnic backgrounds like Richard Reid, Jose Padilla, David Headley and Michael Finton.
solarenergy-te-2	Slowly but steadily, solar has been in the throes of a quiet revolution, with efficiencies rising, costs falling, and new technological breakthroughs — including the recent development of nano-thin photovoltaic materials — all dramatically changing the game.
solarenergy-te-1	Solar energy is economically sound.
solarenergy-te-3	Compared to fossil fuels, sunlight is a weak energy source because the radiation strength is "diluted" by the time the rays reach earth. This makes its collection more difficult and expensive. In general, more high technology, equipment, and land-area are required with solar energy to produce the same amount of energy as other resources. This makes it more challenging and expensive.
solarenergy-te-4	Solar energy is free after the initial investment. Once installed, there are no recurring costs involved with Solar Energy.
solarenergy-te-6	Solar energy is abundant. Every minute, enough energy arrives at planet Earth to meet human energy demands for a year. It is, therefore, the most abundant energy source available to humans. This abundance makes it an economic gem.
solarenergy-te-7	Solar panels cannot produce energy at night like other alternatives. Coal-electricity and hydroelectricity can both operate 24/7. Solar power, however, can only operate during the day-time. This means that solar power's energy yield is smaller relative to the capital investment.
solarenergy-te-8	Clouds and smog undermine solar energy unlike other energy sources. If it is cloudy, the output of solar energy can be reduced by over ninety percent. This means that solar energy is entirely dependent on good weather, an unpredictable variable that is economically unattractive.
solarenergy-te-9	The recovery/payback period can be very short. This is the length of time it takes to begin making profits on solar energy.
solarenergy-te-10	Solar energy panels can be added to meet growing needs. If a household or business demands more energy, it can always adds solar panels. Solar energy is easily scalable in this way.
solarenergy-te-11	The employment opportunities created by solar power are interesting because they involve a high degree of interaction between the employee and communities that are demanding solar energy. That is, solar business transactions occur at a local level in face-to-fact deals and sales. More centralized forms of energy production (coal, oil, nuclear) entail employment opportunities that often isolate employees in far off places in which they have very little interaction with the communities that they are actually serving.
solarenergy-te-12	Many solar energy systems are now price competitive with coal.
solarenergy-te-13	Is it possible that solar power will be more cost effective than coal in 12 years? It seems like a pipe dream, but the US government along with huge investors like Goldman Sachs, Chevron, and Google seem to think it's a little better than just a distant possibility. Factoring in tax incentives, likely carbon-capping legislation, and rising natural gas prices, experts are estimating that the prices of coal and solar power will flip-flop by 2020.
solarenergy-te-14	Many solar energy systems are now price competitive with coal.
solarenergy-te-15	Larry Page, Google co-founder said in late 2007, "With talented technologists, great partners and significant investments, we hope to rapidly push forward. Our goal is to produce one gigawatt of renewable energy capacity that is cheaper than coal. We are optimistic this can be done in years, not decades".
solarenergy-te-16	Solar panels collect approximately 8 to 15% of the energy that reaches them, while coal-powered plants achieve about 35% efficiency.
vegetarianism-te-2	Animal life is equivalent in value to human life. Mahatma Gandhi said "To my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being".
vegetarianism-te-1	Humans and animals are of equal value.
vegetarianism-te-3	Moral status is a-matter-of-degree, and that human and non-human animals have moral status, or intrinsic value, but to different degrees. On this view, moral status, or intrinsic value, of an animal is dependent on, and derived from, its capacity to have a rich life, which is in turn dependent on its experiential capacity. Given that human beings have the capacity to a richer life than other animals, they also have higher intrinsic value or moral status. Similarly, mammals also have higher intrinsic value than birds, which in turn would have higher intrinsic value than reptiles, which has higher intrinsic value than fish, shrimps, etc. I claim that the "matter-of-degree" view is the only plausible view on the comparative moral status between humans and non-humans.
vegetarianism-te-4	Unlike animals, humans are capable of rational thought and can alter the world around them. Religious people would say that humans also have souls and a different relationship with God. Other creatures were put on this earth for mankind to use, and that includes eating meat. For all these reasons we say that men and women have rights and that animals don't.
vegetarianism-te-5	Many of the physical abilities of animals are astonishing and far superior to the correlating abilities of humans. Eagles, for instance, have many times better eye-sight than humans. They are also better fliers. As such, it is wrong to claim that humans are, generally, superior and thus authorized to eat other animals; we're simply different creatures of no greater or lesser value.
vegetarianism-te-6	Animals have emotions, personalities, and souls just like humans.
vegetarianism-te-7	The philosophy of animal rights is respectful of our best science in general and evolutionary biology in particular. The latter teaches that, in Darwin's words, humans differ from many other animals "in degree", not in kind. Questions of line drawing to one side, it is obvious that the animals used in laboratories, raised for food, and hunted for pleasure or trapped for profit, for example, are our psychological kin. This is no fantasy, this is fact, proven by our best science.
abortion-pr-2	A woman's right to choose abortion is a "fundamental right" recognized by the US Supreme Court.
abortion-pr-1	Abortion should be legal.
abortion-pr-3	Unborn babies are human beings from the moment of conception. They have a fundamental right to life, which must be protected.
abortion-pr-4	Personhood begins at birth, not at conception. Abortion is the termination of a pregnancy, not a baby. Personhood at conception is not a proven biological fact.
abortion-pr-5	Fetuses feel pain during the abortion procedure.
abortion-pr-6	According to Kanwaljeet J. S. Anand, MBBS, DPhil, Professor of Pediatrics, Anesthesiology and Neurobiology at the University of Tennessee Health Science Center, "If the fetus is beyond 20 weeks of gestation, I would assume that there will be pain caused to the fetus. And I believe it will be severe and excruciating pain."
abortion-pr-7	Fetuses are incapable of feeling pain when an abortion is performed.
abortion-pr-8	According to Stuart W. G. Derbyshire, PhD, Senior Lecturer at the University of Birmingham (England), "[n]ot only has the biological development not yet occurred to support pain experience, but the environment after birth, so necessary to the development of pain experience, is also yet to occur."
abortion-pr-9	Abortion involves killing a human being, which defies a commandment from God. The Sixth Commandment of the Bible's Old Testament (Exodus 20:13) is "Thou shalt not kill."
abortion-pr-10	The anti-abortion position is usually based on religious beliefs and threatens the vital separation of church and state. Religious ideology should not be a foundation for law in the United States. 
abortion-pr-11	Abortion gives couples the option to choose not to bring babies with severe and life-threatening medical conditions to full term.
abortion-pr-12	Selective abortion based on genetic abnormalities (eugenic termination) is overt discrimination.
abortion-pr-13	Physical limitations don't make those with disabilities less than human. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 provides civil rights protection to people born with disabilities so they can lead fulfilling lives.
abortion-pr-14	A baby should not come into the world unwanted.
abortion-pr-15	Motherhood must never be a punishment for having sexual intercourse. President Barack Obama said during a Mar. 29, 2008 campaign speech in Johnston, Pennsylvania, "I have two daughters... I'm going to teach them first about values and morals, but if they make a mistake, I don't want them punished with a baby."
abortion-pr-16	Women should use contraceptives, not abortion, to avoid unwanted pregnancies. A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) study showed that 19-25% of women who received abortions in 2006 had previously had one or more abortions.  If abortion were not available, women would use preventative measures.
abortion-pr-17	Abortion increases the likelihood that women will develop breast cancer.
abortion-pr-18	In early pregnancy, levels of estrogen increase, leading to breast growth in preparation for breastfeeding. When a pregnancy is interrupted by abortion, immature cells are left in the woman's breasts, increasing the potential risk of breast cancer. 
abortion-pr-19	Access to abortion is necessary because contraceptives are not always readily available. Women need a doctor's prescription to obtain many birth control methods, such as the pill, the patch, the shot, and the diaphragm. About half of all large group insurance plans do not cover any form of prescription contraception, and only a third cover the birth control pill. 
abortion-pr-20	An association between abortion and breast cancer is unsubstantiated. The National Cancer Institute (NCI), the American Cancer Society (ACS), and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) have all refuted the reliability of studies claiming abortion can lead to a higher probability of developing breast cancer.
abortion-pr-21	Access to legal, professionally-performed abortions reduces injury and death caused by unsafe, illegal abortions.
abortion-pr-22	Abortion reduces crime. Some estimates claim legalized abortion accounted for as much as 50% of the drop in murder, property crime, and violent crime between 1973 and 2001. Teenage girls, unmarried women, and poor women are more likely to have unintended pregnancies, and since unwanted babies are often raised in poverty, their chances of leading criminal lives in adulthood are increased.
abortion-pr-23	The 2001 claim by Freakonomics author Steven Levitt that abortion reduces crime is flawed. Economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston found coding errors in Levitt’s research. Levitt later apologized and said on Nov. 28, 2005 that he was "personally embarrassed" about his errors.
abortion-pr-24	Abortion is an effective tool for population control. Malnutrition, starvation, poverty, lack of medical and educational services, pollution, underdevelopment, and conflict over resources are all consequences of overpopulation
abortion-pr-25	Many women who choose abortion don't have the financial resources to support a child. A Sep. 2005 survey in the peer-reviewed journal Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health asking women why they had an abortion found that 73% of respondents said they could not afford to have a baby, and 38% said giving birth would interfere with their education and career goals. Reproductive choice protects women from financial disadvantage.
obesity-pr-2	Obesity, like other diseases, impairs the normal functioning of a body. People who are obese have excess adipose (or fat) tissue that causes the overproduction of certain molecules and mediators in the body, which lead to abnormal regulation of food intake and energy expenditure.
obesity-pr-1	Obesity is a disease.
obesity-pr-3	Obesity does not necessarily impair the normal functioning of a body as other diseases do. Many people with a BMI in the obesity range are not physically impaired and live normal lives. 
obesity-pr-4	Obesity decreases a person's life expectancy or can cause death, like other diseases.
obesity-pr-5	Obesity in adults can lead to three years loss of life. Extreme obesity can shorten a person's life span by 10 years--comparable to the decrease in years of life from smoking, or from other diseases.
obesity-pr-6	Unlike other diseases that lead to shortened life expectancy or death, some obese people live long lives and do not develop diseases commonly associated with obesity, such as diabetes.
obesity-pr-7	Obesity is a matter of personal responsibility. People become obese because they make bad dietary decisions and do not exercise enough or at all.
obesity-pr-8	Some studies have shown that the hereditability of obesity is about the same as that of height. Therefore obesity is not the result of people lacking willpower to exercise or eat less, but is genetically predetermined.
obesity-pr-9	Obesity is the result of sedentary lifestyles and bad dietary decisions, and not illness. For example, compared to 40 years ago, people today spend more time commuting, sitting in front of a computer, watching television, playing video games, and generally exercising less.
obesity-pr-10	Obesity is a risk factor for diabetes, hypertension, some cancers, and other diseases. Other risk factors are also defined as diseases, such as hypertension which is defined as a disease because it is a risk factor for heart failure and stroke.
obesity-pr-11	Obesity is a preventable risk factor for other diseases, like smoking is a preventable risk factor for lung cancer or like drinking is a preventable risk factor for alcoholism.
obesity-pr-12	Obesity can, in some cases, have positive health benefits such as increasing bone mass and reducing the risk of osteoporosis.
obesity-pr-13	Diseases have characteristic signs, according to general and medical dictionaries. Obesity has a characteristic sign--excess fat--which is measured by BMI or increased waist circumference measures.
obesity-pr-14	Obesity does not have characteristic signs or symptoms like diseases typically have. The only characteristic sign of obesity is excess fat, which is the definition of obesity itself. There are also no symptoms for obesity.
obesity-pr-15	Government entities including the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), National Institutes of Health (NIH), and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have affirmed that obesity is a disease.
obesity-pr-16	Obesity is not just a recent phenomenon resulting from the modern environment. Physicians from as early as the 17th century have referenced obesity as a disease.
tablet-pr-2	Tablets help students learn more material faster than textbooks. Technology-based instruction can reduce the time students take to reach a learning objective by 30-80%, according to the US Department of Education and studies by the National Training and Simulation Association.
tablet-pr-1	Tablets should replace textbooks in schools.
tablet-pr-3	Tablets can hold hundreds of textbooks on one device, plus homework, quizzes, and other files, eliminating the need for physical storage of books and classroom materials.
tablet-pr-4	Tablets have too many distractions for classroom use. Students may pay attention to apps, email, games, and websites instead of their teachers.
tablet-pr-5	Handheld technological devices including tablets are associated with a range of health problems.
tablet-pr-6	Handhelds contribute to Computer Vision Syndrome, which causes eyestrain, headaches, blurred vision, and dry eyes, according to the American Optometric Association. People who use mobile devices more often have a higher incidence of musculoskeletal disorders associated with repetitive strain on muscles, including carpal tunnel syndrome, neck pain ("text neck"), shoulder pain, and fibromyalgia.
tablet-pr-7	Using tablets is more expensive than using print textbooks.
tablet-pr-8	Implementing tablets in K-12 schools requires purchasing hardware (the tablet) and software (the textbooks), building new wi-fi infrastructure, and training teachers and administrators how to use the technology. Implementation costs for e-textbooks on iPad tablets are 552% higher than new print textbooks in an average high school.
tablet-pr-9	E-textbooks on tablets cost on average 50-60% less than print textbooks.
tablet-pr-10	People who read print text comprehend more, remember more, and learn more than those who read digital text.
tablet-pr-11	The brain interprets printed and digital text in different ways, and people generally read digital text 20-30% slower than print. According to Pulitzer Prize winning technology writer Nicholas Carr, peer-reviewed studies show that reading hyper-linked text may increase the brain's "cognitive load," lowering the ability to process, store, and retain information, or "translate the new material into conceptual knowledge.
tablet-pr-12	Files on one tablet can be downloaded onto any other tablet, increasing flexibility and convenience for teachers and students.
tablet-pr-13	Print textbooks are heavy and cause injuries, while a tablet only weighs 1-2 pounds.
tablet-pr-14	Print textbooks cannot crash, freeze, or get hacked. Unlike tablets, there is no chance of getting malware, spyware, or having personal information stolen from a print textbook.
tablet-pr-15	On a tablet, e-textbooks can be updated instantly to get new editions or information. Schools will not have to constantly purchase new hardware, software, or new physical copies of textbooks.
tablet-pr-16	Many textbooks are not available in digital format or on the specific tablet used by a school. As of 2012, only 30% of textbook titles are available electronically.
tablet-pr-17	Many students do not have sufficient home internet bandwidth to use tablets.
tablet-pr-18	The higher cost of tablets marginalizes poorer school districts and increases the "digital divide."
tablet-pr-19	Students "need home broadband to access digital content and to complete Internet based homework," according to FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski and Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, but about a third of Americans – 100 million people – do not have broadband internet at home.
tablet-pr-20	Rich school districts can afford to implement e-textbooks on tablets, while poor school districts cannot. Low income schools are less likely to implement an e-textbook program than to pay for teachers or basic classroom supplies.
tablet-pr-21	Tablets help students better prepare for a world immersed in technology.
tablet-pr-22	Students that learn technology skills early in life will be better prepared to pursue relevant careers later in life. The fastest growing and highest paying jobs in the United States are technology intensive. Employment in "computer and information systems" is expected to grow by 18% between 2010-20, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics.
